Subordinate Situ Haotian
Welcome to the return of Lord Tianmo
Situ Haotian
You've changed a good pair of skins, haven't you?
The sick man Qingyun, that cheap woman, was also reborn
It is bound to become
Your lord, the greatest obstacle to your dominance
qingyun
You are so tough
He has not yet returned to his winning stance
If you take advantage of this moment
I will definitely be able to get out of this confidant
With my current strength
Can't fight him yet
I need more powerful flesh and blood
To help me regain my strength
But let's go to the three middle gates
Instigate them to besiege
Light as Jianzong
Let the whole leisure festival kill each other
Provide you with the power of flesh and blood
Good bamboo leaves
That being the case
Then this work will give you the imprint of the devil
Don't let me down!
Please
There will always be a battle between you and me
This one
I must leave you without a place to be buried
Who are you?
Summon us three Chinese so-called what
It doesn't matter who I am
Dare to ask the masters
Do you want to annex Qingyun?
Qingyun Sword Sect has long existed in name only
I've been wanting to kill Shangshanmen for a long time
Took their feng shui treasure
You're right.
Jianzong has long been down
The names of the four major sects should have been changed long ago
You should have heard
The new Immortal Lord of Qingyun Sword Sect
Just a yellow-haired girl in the early days of the saint
Now Jianzong is in turmoil
A great opportunity to officially besiege them
Next season
I don't know if you can
strike together